The last lecture was a very moving speech. Within the first few minutes, I started to cry when I realized Randy had cancer. He was still young and had a lot of will left to live. I used to take care of old people in a nursing home, and it's always the hardest to witness the loss of those who still had a will to live. Randy knew that he was dying, but he didn't let that stop him from doing what he loved. He still tried to help others until the very end and his legacy goes on as he continues to inspire people to this day. There were several parts of his speech that moved me deeply. It really resonated with me when he said that "brick walls give us a chance to show how badly we want something," because I can relate to it personally. I tend to be a deep perfectionist and I sometimes give up the moment I experience failure in order to avoid shame. This issue has hindered me from doing some of the things I love, art being one of them. I stopped doing art because I wasn't pleased with the end results and I started to compare myself to others. As a result, I haven't grown much as an artist. However, if I want to improve, I have to face my mistakes- or "brick walls" as Randy said. I feel inspired to push through and start drawing again. Sometimes when I recieve critiques or feedback, I take it personally. I start thinking that I'm not good enough and then it puts me back into this paralyzing perfectionist cycle. But then Randy said,"When you screw up and nobody says anything to you anymore, they give up. Your critics are the ones telling you they still love you and care," and he's right. The people who offer feedback are telling you ways to improve and it should be used as a very valueable resource to progress further. I honestly wasn't expecting to enjoy the video. Usually I lose interest in these sorts of things, but this time it was different. I stayed through the very end of his speech until he revealed the second head fake. "This talk wasn't for you guys, it was for my kids," left me stunned and crying. I think that is one of the best ways I've ever seen someone conclude a speech. I'm sorry that Randy is no longer with us but his legacy will live on for a long time. For what's worth, this video inspired me. 